Add a walking skeleton of the app with all the boilerplate (#14)
hypothesis/checkmate: README.md

Checkmate
=====

A service for checking URLs are safe.

> Installing Via HTML in a development environment

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Installing Checkmate in a development environment
```

------------------------------------------------

### You will need

> * Via HTML integrates with h and the Hypothesis client, so you will need to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Checkmate integrates with h and the Hypothesis client, so you will need to
```

But also, is this bullet-point accurate? I don't think Checkmate is gonna depend on any of our other apps. The Via apps depend on Checkmate, but that's something for their READMEs to state. I don't think Checkmate itself has any dependencies on other apps
